[this file is a jig and need to be updated to be efficient
delete this part after modifications has been made]

lbs liberal proprietary licensed software. v1
written the 20-04-2020
corrected the not completly corrected yet
started to be used the not used by one of LBS project

Please do not use this license before it has been corrected
and used by one of LBS project

The softaware <software name>
shared by <software devs> (developper name or team/organization name)
is under this license as version 1.

[if the source is a fork of an other:]
the software source is a modification of the source project named
<source used name> made and distributed by <source used devs> (developper
name or team/organization name) under <source used license> (license name).
[endif]

[if the source uses libraries:]
the following list stage the libraries used, and there license:
    - <library name> - <license>
[endif]

    Software under this license, authorize user to modify, build,
and distribute the source as a personal entity*. Organisations,
such as governmental organizations or medium and big sized company,
must consult the original developer of any sources used under this
license that will be used. If the source uses software base source
or libraries under other licenses, the modifications that the owner
or the team has made on those are under the license of the so called
elements. please refer to every of the licenses presents on the source
project.

    This license can not serve as a warrant - for the developers -
that the previously edited laws will be respected. we call the designated
persons of above to correctly use this license.

    If you cannot speak with the original dev/team, please add credits
on the code you use if it has not been added yet by the dev. this implies
also for personal entities as described in the definitions.

A list of situations that allow organizations to use without permission
the source code:
    - if the developer is unreachable after min 10 tries to enter in contact
    - if the developer modified this license to explicitly authorize you to
        do so.
else, you are not allowed to use without permission.

every code copied from the source must contain a reference to the original
source code/repository.

Definitions:

    "personal enity" as described in this license represent a single person
    or small size company/team under 50 members.

    "so called elements" refer to the library/software external sources used
    in the final product under the actual license.


SUMMURY:

with this license you can:

    as a small team/company and/or personal entity and as a governmental
    organization or medium and big sized companies:
    - Modify
    - share
    - distribute as a lbs liberal proprietary licensed software. v1 or
        any other open license that could be compatible with this one.

with this license you must:

    as a personal entity:
    - quote the original developer or team that made the source you use
    - add in comments and in the license you use which part you modified as

    a governmental organization or medium and big sized companies:
    - take contact with the dev to discuss about royalties, usage and credits.
    - if you can't and the situation is one of the following described situations:
        - if the developer is unreachable after min 10 tries to enter
            in contact. but then you must follow the license
        - if the developer modified this license to explicitly authorize
                you to do so.

    as both parties:
    - you must stage any modifications in the license file or copy the original
        license shared by the dev.
    - you must include a jig of the original license or a link to it.

The original Jig is delivered by LBS (Louis BERTRAND Studios) and is available
at this link : 